1.List out the features of HMLS5.
 The following are the some features of HTML5:-
   1.NAV tag
   The <nav> tag helps in defining a set of navigation links. Its helps to   createwebsite section containing navigation links.
2.Audio &Video  Tags
With audio and video tags,developers can embed videos or audio into their websites. For styling the video tag,developers can use CSS and CSS3.
3.Header
The <header> elemnt in html5 contains introductory content.It can include
a set of introductory or navigation support on a website.
4.Footer
The <footer>tag defines the footer of a document or a section.Typically, the
footer contains information related to the author,copyright,contact information,sitemap,related document,back-to-back links,etc.
 5.Mark
The <mark> element highlights a particular text of special interest to the users in HTML document.
 
2.What are HTML Entities?List out 5 commonly used HTML entities.
HTML entities are the reserved characters that are used in the HTML document .They are not present in your standard keyword.They provide a wide range of charcters,allowing you to add icons ,geometric shapes,mathematical operators,and so on.
 
5 commonly used HTML entities:-
 
Entity Name
	Entity Number
	Desciption
	Result
	1.&nbsp;
	&#160;
	non-breaking space
	 
	2.&lt;
	&#60;
	less than
	< 
	3.&gt;
	&#62;
	greater than
	> 
	4.&amp
	&#38;
	ampersand
	&
	5.&quot
	&quot;
	Double quotation mark
	“
	 
 
3.What is Web accessibility? List some of the assistive devices which play a major role in providing accessibility.
Web accessibility means that websites,tools,and technologies are designed and  developed so that people with disabilities can use them.
 
People percieve content through different s enses depending on their needs and Preferences. For example,some people are not seeing the screen or hearing the audio.Examples of perception include:
·         Auditory-such as speech,music,and sound that can be heard.
·         Tactile-such as dots,bars,and vibration that can be felt.
·         Visual-such as images,text,and video that can be seen.
4.List any 3 ways which help us in improving the     accessibility of HTML.
The goal of web accessibility is to remove all barriers that can hinder a person’s
ability to access, navigate,or understand content on the Internet.Here are 3 ways you can follow to build or maintain an accessible website:
1. Use a CMS that supports accessibility
When building a website,choose a content management system(CMS) that   supports web accessibility.Be sure that page layouts,themes,widgets,plugins,and       other aspects are compatible with web accessibility standards such as WCAG 2.0.
    2.Structure and organize with headers
Header are a great resource that,when used correctly,structure and organize content on a webpage.This allows all users to easily navigate your web pages,and even improve your web pages,and even improve your SEO score making it easier for you to generate more traffic to your site.
3.Assign alt tags for images
Images on a webpage provide great value to users.Nonetheless,they can create barriers for users with limited or impaired vision.Therefore,assigning alt tags to images will provide a desription of the image through the use of a screen reader.All tags also contribute to a higher SEO score on Google.
5.Write a short note on the tab index.
The tabindex global attribute allows developers to make HTML elements focusable,allow or prevent  them from being sequentially focusable (usually with the tab key,hence the name) and determine their relative ordering for sequential focus navigation.
If accepts an integer as a value,with different results dependingon the integer’s value:
·         A negative value(the exact negative value doesn’t actually matter,usually tabindex=”-1”) means that the element is not reachable via sequential keyword navigation.
·         tabindex=”0” means that the element should be focusable in sequential keyword navigation, after any positive tabindex values.The focus navigation order of these elements is defined by their order in the document source.
·         A positive value means the element should be focusable in sequential keyword navigation,with its order defined by the value of the number.That is,tabindex=”4” is focused before tabindex=”5” and tabindex=”0”,but after tabindex=”3”.If multiple elements share the same positive tabindex value,their order relative to each other follows their position in the document source.The maximum value for tabindex is 32767.
·         If the tabindex attribute is included with no value set,whether the element is focusable is determined by the user agent.
6.List any 5 semantic tags in HTML along with their description.
      A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.
 Example of non-semantic elements:<div> and <span>-Tells nothing about its content.
 Example of semantic elements:<form>,<table>,and <article>-Clearly defines its content.
 
Semantic Element in HTML
Many web sites contain HTML code like:<div id =”nav”><div class=”header”><div id =”footer”>to indicate navigation,header,and footer.
 
In HTML there are some semantic elements that can be used to define different parts of a web page:
Below are the some of the semantic elements in HTML.
 
 
 
	             Tags
	                     Description
	1.
	      <article>
	Defines indepent,self-contained content
	2.
	          <aside>
	Defines content aside from the page content
	3.
	         <details>
	Defines additional details that the user can view or hide
	4.
	         <footer>
	Defines a footer for a document or section
	5.
	        <header>
	Specifies a header for a document or section
	 
7.What are the benefits of using semantic tags in our webpage?
The semantic HTML tags help the search engines and other user devices to determine the importance and context of web pages.The pages made with semantic elements are much easier to read.It has greater accessibility.It offers a better user experience.
 
8.Create a simple webpage with semantic HTML which has the header,main,and footer sections.The header section must contain links to navigate to different section of the webpage.The main section must contain three subsection about what is HTML.What is semantic HTML and a list of commonly used semantic tags?In the end,the footer section must contain your name.




9.Create a simple webpage with a form for a user to enter their personal information.The form should contain three input fields with the labels  “First Name”,“Last Name”,and “Email”.The first input fields should have a tabindex value of 2.The second input field should have a tabindex value of 1.The third input field should have a tabindex value of 4.The form should have a submit button with the label “Submit” and a tabindex value of 3.Observe the behaviors of tab index on your webpage.